hello my dear subscribers
today's video you will see how we
we will burst inflatable balls
but these are not just balls in each ball
hidden surprise and what a surprise look
us further we will burst the balls and you
you will see a toy in a ball
and see what a surprise was
and this top of the world came from
balloon
great and that's what we have left of
of the ball itself and so let's burst
next ball and it will be this one on
So
and here we have a pokus in this bulb was
crawled and put pusat believe
and let's clap the next ball
and see who we had balls and this
spool
Morocco skoda then flew right into the field and
flew away to the club ball and straight spool
flew away so we burst three balls
let's continue this
us from the ball
and there was a simka figure
Simka figurine mother also flew away with
great great speed and I had to
get her
raise we set it to go to burst
next ball
We look who was in that balls and
look at this grandfather
here is Dedus and that's what's left of the ball
where was dedus
and we continue and here we have a figure
mass set of oils
and see who we have there
not
and see who was in that balls and
here we have but rick the flash hid in
put the ball toe
this is what's left of the ball which
was zero
and we have 2 balls left
We look who here was hiding in
balls and
this
it is with us
y hid in the ball and put brika and
that's what's left of our ball wherever
and y and we have the last ball
too with a surprise and very soon we
see who hid in this ball
and again the figure flew away I take it out and
This I was in the last ball will
what we see from that beautiful ball
and that's what's left of our balls
subscribe to our channel like
if you liked this video and everyone
bye Bye